hello today I'm showing you my space
mission adventure take flight series set
with Roger an astronaut mater this is a
really close eye I've seen them at
Target and Walmart and Kmart you can
also buy them online and the set comes
with Roger the Space Shuttle and then a
DVD that includes moon mater which is
part of meters tall tales and then also
the new air mater which is almost like a
prequel to the new planes movie that's
coming out in 2013 and here's the
astronaut Manor we'll open them all up
now but some cool features about this
toy which I can show you now is on Roger
he lights up here and then also has some
things then of course Roger Roger so
let's open up this package and I'll show
you everything that comes with
okay this is what the package comes with
like I mentioned the DVD with two meter
tall fail shorts air meter and blue
meter this is a plastic astronaut meter
toy and he just has paper stickers on
the side as details plastic hitch
everything is plastic on him seen with
Roger he is all plastic but some cool
features is that he has wheels on the
bottom and then he opens up and you can
put an astronaut meter inside which is
perfect and inside he's got a couple
stickers I'm just a place to put later
and the doors are closed with mater
inside and just on the side here you can
press the button